Add a new issue template for false positive in LGTM.com (#1889)
Semmle/ql: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/lgtm-com---false-positive.md

---
name: LGTM.com - false positive

> about: Tell us about an alert that shouldn't be reported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Tell us about an alert that seems to be incorrect
```

title: LGTM.com - false positive
labels: false-positive
assignees: ''

---

> **URL to the alert on the project page on LGTM.com**

Reviewer: I think we also need to ask them to include a description as to why they think it shouldn't be included

1. Open the project on LGTM.com.
For example, https://lgtm.com/projects/g/pallets/click/.
2. Switch to the `Alerts` tab. For example, https://lgtm.com/projects/g/pallets/click/alerts/.
3. Scroll to the alert that you would like to report.
4. Click on the right most icon `View this alert within the complete file`.
5. A new browser tab opens. Copy and paste the page URL here.

> For example, https://lgtm.com/projects/g/pallets/click/snapshot/719fb7d8322b0767cdd1e5903ba3eb3233ba8dd5/files/click/_winconsole.py#xa08d213ab3289f87:1.

Reviewer: these instructions should probably be in a comment to that they're not displayed by default

Reviewer: Put `<!--` before and `-->` after the instructions, so that they are visible to the user doing the reporting, but not visible if they forget to delete it

Author: Ah you meant that, got it, fixed
